hey hey hey bro what's up daddy hey stop
staring my friend legs no no it's our
sister legs I am sorry it is just who do
you are get token she went the one of
its prey on them places you go out spray
on tan children s speakers like with a
toe separators one why I can't believe
that spray on I mean it is who you
really good i wonder if i should get oh
sure then you should get a mini skirts
so you can really shoot it up so do you
get color or just french tips here
here's a hard thanks hey I know where
this place is it's used to be in Hey Hey
You Only Fools back down I know one man
that you can we choose to the worst
booze rather take this girl is even a
building frigate unless you move back to
England duplicated
British accent when the machine this was
her message but it's only is a woman
calling I'm trying to jump in essence
Jenner gets pedicures just so I know how
many marketers can I expect not a menace
a what you call me oh so stars can show
you want to move I of it if you didn't
wanna get my google com well and showers
brags about all friends people shit man
oh I know I can't do it all right what
are you gonna do I don't want a fever
let's just turn her out sent her a
delight doesn't matter calm and don't
hurt sure she gets a point well I guess
could try again but it seems so hard
never heard of it no had it done to me
move this year there right away so how'd
I do you wanna be 12 13 well I like you
how do how you look what are you let's
do it too I think achoo you face the
lights when the lights on the spray
about to start so close your eyes when
this brain stops on 25 better self
travois drink marks then try to get your
bag got it spray can I can turn spray
captain pan you care a turn quick well I
he got any food
two one Mississippi two Mississippi
three wide right I am NOT I am not
finished counting you spread my front
trees you'll never turn it no I better
got two three Mississippi Mississippi
sitcom 25 Mississippi lately well how
bad is it not that I yet when I guess
thank you for the next four hours so how
dark we will eat get you gots brave to
2n I am fr don't get a machine pick up
yeah if you Roseanne asking if someone
cooking it could be a Monday hello it's
a mother calling in I did it for who
happy I sure to stop by your friend
you're from younger the last native
opponent evening let's see so shoot your
jets distracted Hank thank you my
marbling okay don't hold my breath hello
someone on the right yes I was looking
for money hella gone she's right here
someone on the library we weren't
picking up examine one I guess both keys
higher mother
well actually now there's not a good
time dinner tomorrow night hmm yes Cuban
I will be there I went to the daily
chart friends to guess what the place
listen and get worse oh my god how could
you make it look so easy you got in the
booth to coach 5 and turn around how do
you count five one two three hey lady
where everything else on hey what about
the british girl well she called
yesterday and i ended up inviting her to
have dinner with us tonight help us
secure me why would you something like
that why is everybody two days I'm a
monster because you are quite high is
about a year yet I know on the search
history of the famous Colonel but I got
a new trick Rachel connoisseur major
meetings with an emergency what kind of
emergency why do you think about my can
remember being a car accident I
it's so nice to see you both of you look
at me look how young and look don't mess
I don't exercise at all how are you
telling ya this is my kid history is no
but Nick is not performing me is mad
Travis thanks plastic I'm so happy you
took our friends again when we're not
friends well it was to chance it to 12 I
am Hamburg because was that year thanks
to you we were trailer 2012 now I
physically hey me Bert you are doing her
comes and trying to afford to see her
welcome me out Wow kind of oh my god oh
bugger should and not helps a test I
feel like a defective Paris actually is
America it Justin Elsa wait I Rachel's
Kali hello what okay are they okay sure
i'm going there I'm so sorry girls I was
in a hurry oh my god it's mike with her
nope
we are not friends with Phoebe anymore
You shant cruel just a little bit okay
with you all time I've got nothing to
talk to you my friend is tries to
science please hello explains most happy
in the hero you look positively ghastly
well aren't you a treat I can't believe
you cut me out why feel you I it was
before I have to relive together drive
me crazy so culturally and compass you
I'm still all the thing you're awesome
dinner's kind is crappy I'm scrappy yeah
you are come on scrappy yeah I'm so glad
then you find your way back I don't know
what I'm will do it all true and I don't
know what what I we doing how you too I
attire can you believe it I have never
had any personal constrain love
so daddy's I doing here we were about to
go to do movie where we all right now
there's tinder the soccer i'm going to
call them to get Rachel and Ross oh my
god I don't watch the anyone pls rip us
open the dark and wouldn't ever again
the same thing happen to me really yes I
need your help bro you are not that I
know but they had to take a piss have
you some time for my
la Bamba